Do not not publish typescript (#52)
guardian/recommendations: client-side.md

- Publish packages in ES2020 JavaScript (see `target` in [TypeScript's compiler options](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/compiler-options.html))
- Do not ship or depend on polyfills
- Include TypeScript [declaration files](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/declaration-files/introduction.html) if your project uses TypeScript.

>   - Never publish `.ts`/`.tsx` files – they depend on an unknownable, per-project TypeScript configuration.

Reviewer: Super nit-picky language suggestion:

```suggestion
  - Do not publish `.ts`/`.tsx` files – they depend on an unknownable, per-project TypeScript configuration.
```

Just because that's the phrasing we've used above for polyfills, and as it is I might interpret this `never` as somehow being more important than `do not`, which I don't think is the case? What do you reckon?

Author: agree
